Wow he's got an attitude for a little
snake isn't he oh very very fast strike
as well I'm gonna keep my fingers well
away from him because although he's only
little the venom is sufficiently nasty
that it would certainly give me a very
bad day Wow but the thing that makes
this snake so special is what left that
track over there sidewinding it's its
method of moving on these soft shifting
sands we're hopefully about to see one
of the most remarkable ways of getting
around in the animal kingdom look at
that this is such an efficient way of
moving across sand he just throws one
coil of the body forward anchors it and
throws the next one forward and he's
moving across very soft sand here that
is brilliant
using this method he can go up the
steepest dunes and look at the track
he's leaving behind hopefully when he
gets some soft sand he'll bury himself
there he goes just gently worming the
body in easing himself down into the
sand and then those camouflage colors
are gonna come into play and he will
disappear